Hey, stranger. Stop being a stranger.

Morning, you! Hope you’re having a good day!

What would you say if I asked you to come over right now?

I’m making the first move when it comes to texting, so I’m expecting you to make the first move when it comes to kissing.

This is me asking you out. Want to get coffee on Saturday?

Nobody gets me like you do.

Now that I’ve officially texted you, I’m going to be obsessively staring at my phone, waiting for it to beep, so don’t keep me waiting.

Come over. Now. Nobody is here except me.

I wish you were here next to me right now.

You can’t text me first, but you can update your Facebook status every five minutes? I see how it is.
1Hey! Stop thinking about me so much!

I had a dream about you last night.

I suck at starting conversations. You want to try?

Netflix and chill?

Do you have any plans for this weekend? Because I don’t.

I just finished a book I know you would love. You should come over to pick it up.
1How about we cozy up and watch a movie tonight?

Come over, I have all your favorites. Pizza, beer, and of course, ME.

I was just looking through your Instagram and not gonna lie, you’re lookin’ fine

All I’ve thought about all day is your mouth.

Can we just call in sick tomorrow and spend the whole day together

I would invite you to come over this weekend, but I’m not sure I can keep my hands to myself.

Any lunch plans today? Thought I could swing by and we could eat together!

Every message you send me is like a small gift.

I can’t figure out why, but my thoughts are especially X-rated today. I think it’s your fault.

I find it incredibly sexy that you’ve been patient with me about taking things slowly. Trust me, I’m worth the wait!

Miss me yet?

Such a stressful day. Want to blow off some steam tonight?

I’m on cloud nine when I’m around you.

You. Me. Takeout. Tonight.

I’ve been waiting all day to see you.

I love it when my roommate’s gone because I never have to wear clothes.

I’m thinking it’s a burgers and beer kind of night… You in?

I was dreaming about you all day; it really distracted me at work.

I just heard a song on the radio, and it describes our relationship perfectly.
 Let’s skip the small talk and go straight to flirting.

I can’t even remember the last time we spoke. We need to change that.

Be honest. How long have you been waiting for a text from me?

You never text first. I can’t tell if you hate me or if you’re playing hard to get.

How have you gone so long without messaging me? I’m such a delight.

What does your week look like? Any room for me?

You’re going to love the outfit I wear tonight.

Stop looking so hot in the pics you post. You’re killing me over here!

See, I don’t like this, you’re too far away. If I could, I would be in your arms right now.

Hey. I was just wondering how long it’s going to be before you realize I like you and admit that you like me back.
 I absolutely adore you. Just FYI.

I had a dream we were sexting, so I woke up and decided to turn it into a reality.

You look great today. How do I know? Because you look good every day.

Every time I close my eyes you are the only thing I see.

Did you smile when you saw my name pop up on your phone just now?

You’re the piece of me I didn’t know was missing.

You are so amazing. Never doubt that.

I’m a little drunk, a little horny, and all alone.

I am sooo hungry right now…thing is…I don’t want food.

I keep thinking about how good you look the last time we were together.

Why are you so cute?

The only time I stupidly smile at my phone is when I get text messages from you.

You have no idea how much I want to see you right now!
I might run out of text messages to send you, and I might run out of jokes too. My phone might run out of battery, but my heart will never run out of space for you.

Congrats. You’ve leveled up. I won’t be holding back the next time I see you. Prepare yourself!

You’re hot. I think I like you.

If you want to make a move, today would be the perfect time to go for it.

It’s impossible to get any work done today because I can’t stop thinking about you.

You looked really cute last night.

I’m sorry you’re having a crappy day. Anything I can do to make it better?

You make me feel important, and I love that!

You already know how I feel about you. So what are you going to do about it?

I absolutely adore you.
I just took some sexy pics, but they’re too inappropriate to post on Instagram. Want to see?

I just saw the new picture you uploaded. Looking hotter than ever, I see.

I’ve always wanted to try rock climbing! Now that I know an expert, wanna be my instructor?

I’m thinking about deleting Tinder, because I’ve already found the guy I want to be with.

Do you believe in love at first sight or do I need to walk by again?

There’s a Mewtwo at my house. You better come catch it.

If you wanna stop by my house tonight I’ll make it worth the trip.

I have no idea what I would do without you.

I’m asking myself right now, do you even exist. I mean, can someone like you be real?

I’m still single, in case you were wondering.

Do you know that you’re one of the most interesting people I’ve ever met?

Which emoji makes you think of me?

Have I told you that I want to kiss today? Because I want to kiss you.

I like you. What are you going to do about it?

I could do nothing with you forever.

We should really stop texting and start seeing each other in person.
My cheeks hurt from smiling so much, I just can’t stop! See what you’re doing to me?!

Can’t stop thinking about the other day/night.

Just saw something really hot and it made me think of you.

I would do anything to be with you right now.

Do you find it sexy when girls make the first move or should I wait for you to do it yourself?

Hey, sexy.

I’m not big on the whole “wait three days” thing, so I’m texting you now.

Seeing your name pop up on my phone screen makes me grin like an idiot.

I’m totally craving some time with you right now.

In the mood to have some fun?
It’s so cold out. Wanna come over and warm me up?

Hope you find my willingness to text first attractive.

So, will you be having wine or beer tonight?

I can’t believe I actually found a guy who’s smart and funny and insanely hot.

I could text you all night.

Our last date was really fun. I can’t remember the last time I had that much fun.

I know that no one is perfect, but you’re pretty damn close.

We should probably go on another date soon.

I definitely have become a better person because of you. So, thanks. <3
You’re going to think I’m lying, but you’re pretty much my dream guy.

I normally don’t like scary movies, but with you in there, I know I’ll be safe.

Our first kiss is going to be epic, don’t you think?

This weekend. You, me, and a bottle of wine?

You know what would be even better than a text back? An invitation to dinner.

Hope you’re feeling better today!
Guess which emoji I just placed next to your name in my phone?

Has anyone told you that you have the best eyes?

Just so you know, I’m usually much better behaved.

I really appreciate that you continue to challenge me. You’re making me a better person.

I cannot stop thinking about how sweet you are.

It didn’t take long for me to discover how special and amazing you are.

I pretty much hate everyone, but you’re the exception.

Not gonna lie, you’re basically always on my mind.

I have Netflix on, but no one to chill with. Think you can help me out?

I don’t have anything interesting to tell you, but I really wanted to talk to you.

What on earth did I think about all the time before I met you?

You’re pretty freaking great.
